The following text is copied and pasted from https://github.com/AnalyticalGraphicsInc/cesium/wiki/CesiumTrademark.pdf, which are the "Trademark Terms and Conditions" under which an image in this repository was contributed by AGI. Please refer to the original link as the authoritative text; this file exists only for REUSE license-checker compliance.

Trademark Terms and Conditions

Analytical Graphics®, Cesium®, and Cesium Pro™ are trademarks owned by AGI. AGI uses these
trademarks/logos to identify AGI as a company and also AGI’s products, services and activities. AGI maintains
control over the usage of its trademarks, and this document sets forth who may use these trademarks, and under what
terms and conditions these trademarks may be used.
Fair Use
AGI’s trademarks/logos may be used in instances when the use of such falls under a category of fair use. Examples
of fair use include research, teaching, and educational purposes. If you use AGI’s trademarks/logos for this purpose,
you must give AGI proper credit and identify AGI as the owner of the trademarks/logos.
Do not use AGI’s trademarks/logos in any of your products or services that compete with any of AGI’s products or
services. Use of AGI’s trademark/logos in your competing product or service is trademark infringement, and AGI
will take legal action against you for violating this provision.
Laymen’s Terms: You are not allowed to use the Cesium trademark to compete with AGI. If you do, AGI will take
you to court. You can use the trademark without our permission for socially productive purposes, such as presenting
Cesium in a conference. If you do so, make sure you identify AGI as the owner of the trademark.
Usage Guidelines
Avoid mistakes when reproducing AGI’s trademarks/logos. Do not separate the elements of the logo or alter the
logo in any way. Do not rotate or animate it, and do not use any part of the logo as a graphic element, background,
or pattern in any way that competes with AGI.
Do not translate or localize the logos, and do not add anything to the logos. Do not attempt to set the logotype,
change the font, or alter the size, proportions, or space between letters. You must use AGI’s trademarks/logos
exactly as they are provided by AGI.
Laymen’s Terms: When using our trademark(s), do not modify or change them in any way.
Other Uses
For any uses other than those identified in this document, you must contact AGI for express written permission. AGI
reserves the right to reject your request to use AGI’s trademarks/logos for any reason. AGI’s contact information is
below.
Laymen’s Terms: You need our permission to use our trademarks for any reasons not stated above. If you send us a
request to use our trademarks, we can say no for any reason.

Corporate Contact Info:
Analytical Graphics, Inc.
220 Valley Creek Blvd.
Exton, Pennsylvania 19341
1.610.981-8000
contracts@agi.com
